Dicom API changes for Image replacement (#121201)
Azure/azure-content: articles/healthcare-apis/dicom/dicomweb-standard-apis-curl.md

--data-binary "@{path-to-dicoms}/green-square.dcm"
```

### Upsert instances using multipart/related

> [!NOTE]
> This is a non-standard API that allows the upsert of DICOM files using multipart/related. 

_Details:_

* Path: ../studies
* Method: PUT
* Headers:
    * Accept: application/dicom+json
    * Content-Type: multipart/related; type="application/dicom"
    * Authorization: Bearer {token value}
* Body:
    * Content-Type: application/dicom for each file uploaded, separated by a boundary value

> Some programming languages and tools behave differently. For instance, some require you to define your own boundary. For those tools, you might need to use a slightly modified Content-Type header. These tools can be used successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some programming languages and tools behave differently. For instance, some require you to define your own boundary. For those tools, you might need to use a slightly modified Content-Type header. These tools can be used successfully:
```

* Content-Type: multipart/related; type="application/dicom"; boundary=ABCD1234
* Content-Type: multipart/related; boundary=ABCD1234
* Content-Type: multipart/related

```
curl --location --request PUT "{Service URL}/v{version}/studies"
--header "Accept: application/dicom+json"
--header "Content-Type: multipart/related; type=\"application/dicom\""
--header "Authorization: Bearer {token value}"
--form "file1=@{path-to-dicoms}/red-triangle.dcm;type=application/dicom"
--trace-ascii "trace.txt"
```

### Upsert instances for a specific study

> [!NOTE]
> This is a non-standard API that allows the upsert of DICOM files using multipart/related to a designated study. 

_Details:_
* Path: ../studies/{study}
* Method: PUT
* Headers:
    * Accept: application/dicom+json
    * Content-Type: multipart/related; type="application/dicom"
    * Authorization: Bearer {token value}
* Body:
    * Content-Type: application/dicom for each file uploaded, separated by a boundary value

> Some programming languages and tools behave differently. For instance, some require you to define your own boundary. For those languages and tools, you might need to use a slightly modified Content-Type header. These tools can be used successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some programming languages and tools behave differently. For instance, some require you to define your own boundary. For those languages and tools, you might need to use a slightly modified Content-Type header. These tools can be used successfully:
```

 * Content-Type: multipart/related; type="application/dicom"; boundary=ABCD1234
 * Content-Type: multipart/related; boundary=ABCD1234
 * Content-Type: multipart/related

```
curl --request PUT "{Service URL}/v{version}/studies/1.2.826.0.1.3680043.8.498.13230779778012324449356534479549187420"
--header "Accept: application/dicom+json"
--header "Content-Type: multipart/related; type=\"application/dicom\""
--header "Authorization: Bearer {token value}"
--form "file1=@{path-to-dicoms}/blue-circle.dcm;type=application/dicom"
```

### Upsert single instance

> [!NOTE]
> This is a non-standard API that allows the upsert of a single DICOM files. 

> The following method is required to upload a single DICOM file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this method to upload a single DICOM file:
```
